Adds mc batch commands to the docs (#620)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-batch-generate.rst

.. _minio-mc-batch-generate:

=====================
``mc batch generate``
=====================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc batch

.. mc:: mc batch generate

.. versionchanged:: MinIO RELEASE.2022-10-08T20-11-00Z or later

Syntax
------

.. start-mc-batch-generate-desc

> The :mc:`mc batch generate` command creates a basic YAML file for the specified job type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mc:`mc batch generate` command creates a YAML-formatted template for the specified job type.
```

Author: 👍

.. end-mc-batch-generate-desc

After the MinIO client creates the YAML file, open it in your preferred text editor tool to customize the job description for your needs.
A job definition may have as many defined job tasks as needed.

> There is no predefined limit to the number of job tasks any one YAML file can contain.

Reviewer: I *think* we can simplify

- Open the file in your preferred text editor tool to further customize
- You can create multiple jobs per batch definition
- MinIO imposes no limit to the number of tasks per batch

Author: Reworked.

> For descriptions of the types of jobs you can define in a batch and details of the YAML format for each type, see :ref:`job types <minio-batch-job-types>`.

Reviewer: Simplify:

See :ref:`job types` for the supported jobs you can generate

Author: Thanks for braining my words.
